support loading COG layers from query params (#9531)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/map-query-parameters.md

Number of objects passed to the options can be different to the number of layers, in this case options will be applied to the first X layers, where X is the length of options array.

The COG service endpoint does not contain a default property for the name of the layer and it returns only a single record for this reason the name used in the layers array will be used to apply the title to the added COG layer:

```json
{
    "type": "CATALOG:ADD_LAYERS_FROM_CATALOGS",
    "layers": ["My huge remote satellite COG"],
    "sources": [{ "type":"cog", "url":"https://example.com/satellite_imagery.tif" }]
}
```

GET: `#/viewer/config?actions=[{"type":"CATALOG:ADD_LAYERS_FROM_CATALOGS","layers":["My huge remote satellite COG"],"sources":[{"type":"cog","url":"https://example.com/satellite_imagery.tif"}]}]`

> Depending on the internal structure optimization done on the remote COG file, the map load time might be long.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    Depending on the internal structure optimization done on the remote COG source, the map load time might be long. Furthermore, it is not feasible to cancel metadata fetching for the COG layer(s) when loading layers via query parameters.
```
